Fix shader function overloading paragraph (#10084)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shading_language.rst

        result = a + b;
    }

> Starting off Godot 4.4 you can now define multiple functions with the same name but different
> arguments (**overloading**). An implicit constant conversion (e.g. `1` -> `1.0`) will be disabled
> on function call for such cases to prevent ambiguity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function overloading is supported. You can define multiple functions with the same
name, but different arguments. Note that `implicit casting <Casting_>`_ in function
calls is not allowed, such as from ``int`` to ``float`` (``1`` to ``1.0``).
```

In most cases the docs do not need to specify the first version in which a feature is supported, since it's only relevant for the first few versions after a change (and only if you re-read the docs page on each release).

In Godot 4.3, implicit casting is already forbidden for GDShader, including for function calls:
![Godot_v4 3-stable_win64_QCagaFSYj7](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3054f6dc-15b5-4353-87bd-5378f3da9c52)

Also revised the paragraph for grammar.

.. code-block:: glsl

>     vec3 foo(int t) {
>         return vec3(1, 0, 0); // Red color.
>     }
> 
>     vec3 foo(float t) {
>         return vec3(0, 1, 0); // Green color.
>     }
> 
>     void foo() {
>         vec3 red = foo(1);
>         vec3 green = foo(1.0);
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vec3 get_color(int t) {
        return vec3(1, 0, 0); // Red color.
    }

    vec3 get_color(float t) {
        return vec3(0, 1, 0); // Green color.
    }

    void fragment() {
        vec3 red = get_color(1);
        vec3 green = get_color(1.0);
    }
```
Nitpick, but avoid `foo()` and `bar()` style examples if possible. And in this case, use `fragment()` instead of `foo()` as the calling function to avoid confusion.
